- CoC : Continuum of Care 4 continua : {Glendale, Pasadena, LA County, Orange County}
- participating Organizations
- services to Clients and their household members.
- PPI : Protected Personal Information
- initial assessment
- revoking consent to share infoemation.
- Some organizations collect and share information, other have access-only.
- program types include: Day Shelter, Street Outreach, Transitional Housing, Homeless Prevention, Safe Heaven.
- staff
- access-only organizations: LA Care, Dept of Veterans Administration
- User Account Creation. Unique UserID min 8, 1 upp, 1 lower, 1 symbol. reset every 180 days.
- Afer getting UserID, they are assigned a role and security level.
- Roles:
  - Case Manager (standard)
    - client and enrollment search
    - program entry
    - case notes
    - annual assessments
    - services
    - unit/bed assignment
    - program exit and follow-up.
    - appointments
    - suppl. assessment
  - Outreach Worker (outreach)
    - client and enrollment search
    - location and services
    - client intake
    - program entry
    - suppl. assessment
    - case note
    - services
    - program exit and follow-up.
  - Housing Provider (housing-provider)
    - housing resources
  - Mark for Delete (mark-for-delete)
    - mark for delete
    - disassociate Clients
  - Export (export)
    - export schedule v5.

- Agency
- Group permissions: an agency will have at least 2 groups: {administrators, users}
  - administrators: full access to programs in the Agency and the system.
  - users: specific programs, can be adjusted.
- Agency Administrators have (mark-for-delete) permission
  - remove duplicates
  - remove enrollments in incorrect programs
  - remove enrollments dur to ineligibility
  - reopen past enrollments to correct data entry errors.
- User quit an organization: "Termination of Employee"
- PPI is protected by password and encryption technology.
- lockout after 10 minutes inactivity.
- https://www.lahsa.org/hmis/documents
- SPA : Service Plan Area - Service Area.
- Providers (organizations)
  - Salvation Army (in SPA 1)
  - Village Family Services (in SPA 2)
  - Hathaway-Sycamores (in SPA 3 and SPA 8)
  - Los Angeles LGBT Center (in SPA 4)
  - Safe Place for Youth (in SPA 5)
  - Sanctuary of Hope (in SPA 6)
  - Jovenes, Inc. (in SPA 7)
  - LA Family Housing (SPA2) San Fernando Valley
  - The People Concern (SPA4) Central Los Angeles
  - PATH (spa4 and SPA7)
  - St. Joseph Center (SPA5) West Los Angeles
  - Harbor Interfaith (SPA8) South Bay/Harbor
  - Valley Oasis (SPA1) Antelope Valley
  - Union Station Homeless services (SP3)
  - Hathaway Sycamore (SP3) San Gabriel Valley
  - SSG HOPIC (SPA6) South Los Angeles
  - CRCD (SPA6)
  - The Whole Child (SPA7)

- "Connect LA" (provider) is a new program, available through "Coordinated Entry System" LA. (LACES)
- "Family Reconnection Teams" : w/ case manager, lic therapist, social workers.
- "RISE" initiative (project/program) at the "Los Angeles LGBT Center" (organization)
- Eko Canillas, _RISE_ program manager,
- 2016 Continuum of Care (CoC) Program Competition. A Continuum of Care is “a regional
  or local planning body that coordinates housing and services funding for homeless
  families and individuals,” according to the
  National Alliance to End Homelessness.
  Los Angeles’ CoC is coordinated by LAHSA.
- services such as the _coordinated entry system_ and the _homeless management integration system_,
  which are data management tools emphasized by the city and county’s joint homeless initiative.
- LAHSA prioritized the projects and organizations that would be included in the
  final application to HUD (Housing and Urban Development).
- https://www.whittierprcs.org/home/showdocument?id=1936
- The Coordinated Entry System (CES) is a countywide system
  that brings together new and existing programs and resources
  in order to connect people experiencing homeless to the most
  appropriate housing and services to end their homelessness.
